# Yes this is a pod file living in a Ruby project.
#
# POD is a very nice format to write documentation in, and RDoc does
# not appear to be able to properly export to manpages, hence why I
# decided to use POD. The manpage that also lives in the git repo
# is the one that is distributed. The POD only lives in the git repo
# and is used to generate the manpage.

=head1 NAME

phpdocr - a simple way to access PHP documentation from the command-line

=head1 SYNOPSIS

phpdocr I<[OPTIONS]> I<[FUNCTION/CLASS/SEARCH STRING/..]>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<phpdocr> is a simple way to access PHP documentation from php.net
from the command-line.

It will download, prettify, and output PHP documentation for the
function/class/.. that was supplied on the command-line, much like
perldoc(1) does for perl(1) and ri does for ruby(1). Unless you explicitly
tell it not to, phpdocr will also cache the documentation locally
for fast retrieval in the future.

phpdocr will send its output to your PAGER (if it is set, otherwise
it will default to less).

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<-h, --help>

Display the help screen

=item B<-v, --verbose>

Increase verbosity. When this is present phpdocr will tell you additional
information about what it is doing, ie. what page it is downloading at the
moment.

=item B<-o, --comments>

php.net has comments associated with most pages. By default phpdocr will
filter these away, however some times you may want to see them, in that
case supply --comments and phpdocr will include them in its output.

=item B<-n, --no-cache>

By default, phpdocr will cache documentation locally so that it can
easily be retrieved later without having to re-download it. This
parameter disables all caching (both reading from the cache, and
writing to the cache).

=item B<-m, --mirror> I<PATH>

By default phpdocr will connect to php.net. Use this to make it connect
to a specific mirror instead (ie. no2.php.net).

=item B<--man>

Show the manpage. Normally 'man phpdocr' would do, but when phpdocr is
installed from a rubygem the phpdocr manpage isn't placed anywhere
in man(1)'s path, this will autodetect its location and issue man
directly on the phpdocr.1 file (and thus work even when 'man phpdocr'
does not).

=back

=head1 FILES

I<~/.phpdocr> - this is where phpdocr will store any cached documentation.
It is safe to remove this directory, or any of its contents, at any time
if you need the disk space. phpdocr will simply re-download the documentation
next time you request it.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

Requires one of: elinks, links2, links, html2text or lynx for HTML parsing.

Requires the mechanize rubygem for fetching stuff over HTTP.

=head1 HELP/SUPPORT

If you need help or support please visit the website at L<http://random.zerodogg.org/phpdocr>

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

If you find a bug, please report it at L<http://random.zerodogg.org/phpdocr/bugs>

=head1 AUTHOR

B<phpdocr> is written by Eskild Hustvedt <I<code at zerodogg dot org>>

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) Eskild Hustvedt 2009

This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
